#!/bin/sh

. config/options

require_glibc $1

cd $BUILD/tegra-drivers-*/nv_tegra

do_installdev usr/lib/libcgdrv.so
do_installdev usr/lib/libnvapputil.so
do_installdev usr/lib/libnvcwm.so
do_installdev usr/lib/libnvdc.so
do_installdev usr/lib/libnvddk_2d.so
do_installdev usr/lib/libnvddk_2d_v2.so
do_installdev usr/lib/libnvddk_aes_user.so
do_installdev usr/lib/libnvddk_audiofx.so
do_installdev usr/lib/libnvddk_disp.so
do_installdev usr/lib/libnvddk_mipihsi.so
do_installdev usr/lib/libnvddk_misc.so
do_installdev usr/lib/libnvdioconverter.so
do_installdev usr/lib/libnvdispatch_helper.so
do_installdev usr/lib/libnvdispmgr_d.so
do_installdev usr/lib/libnvdispmgr_impl_d.so
do_installdev usr/lib/libnvec_impl.so
do_installdev usr/lib/libnvec.so
do_installdev usr/lib/libnvec_transport.so
do_installdev usr/lib/libnvflash.so
do_installdev usr/lib/libnvmm_audio.so
do_installdev usr/lib/libnvmm_camera.so
do_installdev usr/lib/libnvmm_contentpipe.so
do_installdev usr/lib/libnvmm_image.so
do_installdev usr/lib/libnvmm_manager.so
do_installdev usr/lib/libnvmm_misc.so
do_installdev usr/lib/libnvmm_parser.so
do_installdev usr/lib/libnvmm_service.so
do_installdev usr/lib/libnvmm.so
do_installdev usr/lib/libnvmm_tracklist.so
do_installdev usr/lib/libnvmm_utils.so
do_installdev usr/lib/libnvmm_videorenderer.so
do_installdev usr/lib/libnvmm_video.so
do_installdev usr/lib/libnvmm_writer.so
do_installdev usr/lib/libnvodm_disp.so
do_installdev usr/lib/libnvodm_dtvtuner.so
do_installdev usr/lib/libnvodm_hdmi.so
do_installdev usr/lib/libnvodm_imager.so
do_installdev usr/lib/libnvodm_misc.so
do_installdev usr/lib/libnvodm_query.so
do_installdev usr/lib/libnvos.so
do_installdev usr/lib/libnvrm_graphics_impl.so
do_installdev usr/lib/libnvrm_graphics.so
do_installdev usr/lib/libnvrm_impl.so
do_installdev usr/lib/libnvrm.so
do_installdev usr/lib/libnvtestio.so
do_installdev usr/lib/libnvtestresults.so
do_installdev usr/lib/libnvwinsys_kd.so
do_installdev usr/lib/libnvwinsys.so
do_installdev usr/lib/libnvwsi.so
do_installdev usr/lib/libKD.so

exit 0
